[Music]
Anyway, have you seen what happened with Carlos
Constancia? I've seen, let's see. I'm not really
surprised, but anyway, I don't know, it's a
version
against, I mean, only because, of course, I have
n't found what there is, the video of the
journalist
telling it. Who is the papari? It's that
really, it's that too, but anyway,
let's respect his anonymity, uh, I think he's
put himself in anonymous mode, no way, okay, I think I know
who he is. I think I
know who he is. It's a
classic, okay, uh, he talked about an
alleged assault by Carlo
Constancia and of course he, how can he not get
angry when we talk about an
assault, we're not talking about a beating, it's not
that. I don't know exactly what he said, I
think it was
funny to me when I read it, that he
threw something at her, it didn't hit her,
the balls that he hit her from
the window, but of course they don't live on the
ground floor anymore. So that
's it, let's see. Carlo, at
night, we already know that he doesn't sleep at
home at the moment, but as far as we know,
they are in a ground floor, of course. So, I don't
know about the possibility of him throwing eggs at her.
from the low clear
eh What I don't know if it's daddy that he didn't
understand it he could have understood me
man it's still yes that from what we
understand today yes it is an aggressive No
that man Yes of course t man Yes of course
throwing eggs at people is an
aggression but apart from that it fits me not a
little no I don't know I don't like to prejudge But
why is a daddy going to make that up
in fact I have been surprised
many times that he was having
too much patience because yes there were
many times that they snuck in eh when
Alejandra was pregnant eh that if
blah blah blah the daddies all
the time at the door of her house and
Marta Marta also went there a lot it's true I
remember there were many times that chav
was having a lot of patience eh I don't know
if Carlos is characterized by his
patience I have seen it because it was
current and there weren't many more
topics as we well know Eh it's a low you don't
go inside the house but yes well
eh you are well close there I can
perfectly visualize the door and
the surroundings and such and Hey well they are from
current affairs And yes, it's true that
sometimes I think he's gone a little
crazy reacting of course then he
however then he keeps quiet and I would do it too
and you go to Friday all paid and
that's where where you tell a bit of everything
no but from there throwing one throwing
eggs boy I don't know then
his reaction has been a little well we'll see
no how are you very well thank you very much
Hey how are you after it came out
yesterday that you saw an altercation Yes look I
think accusing a person of an
alleged assault is something Quite serious
especially in my situation without having
complaints more without proof then I would
ask you please to clarify
things well I understand giving content to the
programs and everything you want I understand
that we have not had the best relationship
since our beginning but well I
see him a little khaki anus and a little out
of the world Nobody has thrown eggs
eh food I don't throw if I have a
problem you know I will tell you and that's it
then eh Unfortunately eh I will have to
take the necessary measures so that
these things do not come out because an
assault is a quite serious thing and
more so in my situation  okay car indeed
exactly okay
I really appreciate you being here one
more day losing your Sunday okay thank you very much thank you
See you later sorry for
bothering me well no with this Total they have already
done Sunday point number one yes it does
strike me that the daddy has not
shown his face and that takes away from the
veracity of the story So if he takes
measures against Who is going to take them will it be
against the program but against against
who against the program The one who comes
once every two months aar true but I
wasn't thinking about that detail so it is
true what sense does it make that you as a
journalist a famous person attacks you and and you
tell it with the with the with the ident with your
face covered apart from that first
file a complaint no and then you
tell it on the program no you are not going to
tell it without proof or without I don't
know that it doesn't make any kind of sense
because you have to cover your face I mean
you have nothing to hide it doesn't make
sense right Unless they want to give the
impression that they eh Like
Carl He is dangerous and like he scares
the person that Carlos will take retaliation
like they want to give him that
clear tint  per car if Carl has thrown an
egg at you you already know who he
threw it at right it doesn't make much sense take it
away It's true Hey well you who is this I
believe it eh Yeah what do people think what do you
think now that we're live and it
's not a video what do you think what do you think
what do you think family
oh
what were you going to say let's
go ah